[WIP] feat: Support version constraints for Terraform Registry modules (#3926)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/04-config-blocks-and-attributes.md

  - Refer to [A note about using modules from the
    registry]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/getting-started/quick-start#a-note-about-using-modules-from-the-registry) for more
    information about using modules from the Terraform Registry with Terragrunt.
  - VERSION can be a specific version number (e.g., `1.2.3`) or a version constraint (e.g., `>= 1.2.3, <=3.2.1`) following syntax

>     defined in the [Terraform documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    defined in the [OpenTofu documentation](https://opentofu.org/docs/language/expressions/version-constraints/).
```

We always attempt to default to OpenTofu documentation. Please make sure there isn't anything missed in the rest of the pull request that prefers Terraform documentation over OpenTofu.
